New occ commands for richdocuments (#3609)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/occ_commands/app_commands/richdocuments.adoc

= Collabora Online / Secure View

Marketplace URL: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/richdocuments[Collabora Online]

Collabora Online allows you to work with all kinds of collabora office documents inside ownCloud for improved productivity. For details please see the
xref:enterprise/collaboration/collabora_secure_view.adoc[Collabora Online / Secure View] documentation.

`config:app` commands to configure the Collabora Online app.

[source,console]
----
 config:app:get|set
 richdocuments wopi_url            WOPI Server URL
 richdocuments secure_view_option  Enable Secure View
 richdocuments watermark_text      Watermark pattern displayed in the document
 richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default  Open documents in Secure View with watermark by default
----

== App Configuration

All app configurations are set and queried with the `config:app` command set. The examples below set a value. To query a value use `config:app:get` and the corresponding key without any options or attributes.

== Set the WOPI URL

WOPI Server URL

> The following example command sets the WOPI Server to [your-host-public-ip]:8098

Author: Q: because the value set from the _name_ is a url, does it need to be an IP address or can it also be a domain name.
- If it _must_ be IP, this should be noted as restriction
- If it _must_ be IP, is http/https necessary/needed?
- If it can be both, it must be documented
- If domain name can be used, are there restriction in the use of http/https

Reviewer: I think admin knows best what is his URL , but URL should be https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986

Author: ok, I will improve the text to make this more clear.
Asking again, there is NO restriction in using http or https by oC

Reviewer: yes it is an example. there is no http/https restriction.

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments wopi_url --value='[your-host-public-ip]:8098'
----

== Set the secure_view_option

Enable Secure View (possible values: true/false, default: false)

The following example command enables or disables secure view globally in the system

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_option --value='true'
----

== Set the watermark_text

> Watermark pattern displayed in the document. It can be arbitrarily string. Including keyword {viewer-email} would be replaced with current user in the document session
> 
> The following example command sets the watermark pattern displayed in the document.
> 
> [source,console,subs="attributes+"]
> ----
> {occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments watermark_text --value="Restricted to {viewer-email}"

Author: ```suggestion
Watermark pattern displayed in the document. It can be arbitrarily string. Including keyword \{viewer-email} would be replaced with current user in the document session

The following example command sets the watermark pattern displayed in the document.

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments watermark_text --value="Restricted to \{viewer-email}"
```
We have to escape curly braces as Antora uses in-text curly braces as variables to be replaced by the build process

Reviewer: ok

= Collabora Online / Secure View

Marketplace URL: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/richdocuments[Collabora Online]

> Collabora Online allows you to work with all kinds of collabora office documents inside ownCloud for improved productivity. For details please see the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Collabora Online allows you to work with all kinds of collabora office documents inside ownCloud for improved productivity. For details, see the
```

xref:enterprise/collaboration/collabora_secure_view.adoc[Collabora Online / Secure View] documentation.

`config:app` commands to configure the Collabora Online app.

[source,console]
----
 config:app:get|set
 richdocuments wopi_url            WOPI Server URL
 richdocuments secure_view_option  Enable Secure View
 richdocuments watermark_text      Watermark pattern displayed in the document
 richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default  Open documents in Secure View with watermark by default
----

== App Configuration

All app configurations are set and queried with the `config:app` command set. The examples below set a value. To query a value use `config:app:get` and the corresponding key without any options or attributes.

== Set the WOPI URL

WOPI Server URL

This command sets the WOPI Server to `[IP/URL]:port` +

> `[IP/URL]:port` can be any IP/URL plus the port how the WOPI server can be accessed like `'a.b.c.d'` or `'http:\\a.b.c.d:8098'` or `'https:\\rd.yourdomain.com'` ect. Adding the port is only necessary when not using standard ports.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`[IP/URL]:port` can be any IP/URL plus the port on which the WOPI server can be accessed like `'a.b.c.d'` or `'http:\\a.b.c.d:8098'` or `'https:\\rd.yourdomain.com'` etc. Adding the port is only necessary when not using standard ports.
```

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments wopi_url --value='[IP/URL]:port'
----

== Set the secure_view_option

Enable Secure View (possible values: true/false, default: false)

> The following example command enables or disables secure view globally in the system

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example command enables secure view globally in the system
```

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_option --value='true'
----

== Set the watermark_text

> Watermark pattern displayed in the document. It can be arbitrarily string. Including keyword \{viewer-email} would be replaced with current user in the document session

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A watermark pattern is displayed in the document when it is viewed. It can be an arbitrary string. Include the keyword \{viewer-email} will be replaced with the current user in the document watermark
```

Does it put the current user's username or their email address in the watermark?

Author: @mrow4a can you give us input?

Reviewer: "Included keyword \{viewer-email} will be replaced with the current user in the document watermark"

Reviewer 3: OK - maybe that is correct and we have to document it like that. But it seems strange that the substitution variable is called `viewer-email` but it actually substitutes the user name.

If my username is "phild", my display name is "Phil Davis" and my email address is "phil@example.com" then the watermark has "phild" in it. Correct?

Author: Just for this text line a suggestion
`...will be replaced with the current user...` -->
`...will be replaced with the current viewing user...`
And dependent on the answer of @mrow4a , I would add a explanation describing what @phil-davis has highlighted.

Reviewer: @phil-davis if email is not available, displayname is shown -> https://github.com/owncloud/richdocuments/blob/master/lib/Controller/DocumentController.php#L919-L923

Author: 😄 clarifies things, needs more text 😄

Reviewer 3: I updated my suggestion in the first post above. Please review.

The following example command sets the watermark pattern displayed in the document.

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments watermark_text --value='Restricted to \{viewer-email}'
----

== Set the secure_view_open_action_default

Open documents in Secure View with watermark by default (possible values: true/false, default: false)

> The following example command enables option to globally enforce watermark over the documents

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example command enables the option to globally enforce displaying the watermark when documents are viewed
```

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default --value='true'
----

== Delete a Key or Change a Key

> You can delete a key with following example command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can delete a key with the following example command:
```

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:delete richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default
----

> You can change a key with following example command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can change a key with the following example command:
```

= Collabora Online / Secure View

Marketplace URL: {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/richdocuments[Collabora Online]

> Collabora Online allows you to to work with all kinds of collabora office documents inside ownCloud for improved productivity. For details please see the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Collabora Online allows you to work with all kinds of collabora office documents inside ownCloud for improved productivity. For details please see the
```

xref:enterprise/collaboration/collabora_secure_view.adoc[Collabora Online / Secure View] documentation.

> `config:app` commands configure the Collabora Online app.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`config:app` commands to configure the Collabora Online app.
```

[source,console]
----
 config:app:get|set

>  richdocuments wopi_url            Number of days passed after upload (or restore)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 richdocuments wopi_url            ...
```

Author: If you do that, it will render the following:
```
richdocuments wopi_url            ...
                                  that files will be archived
```
Are you sure?

                                   that files will be archived
 richdocuments secure_view_option  Number of days passed after archiving that files will
                                   be permanently deleted
 richdocuments watermark_text      Define groups of users that are exempt from the
                                   Lifecycle policies

>  richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default  Restoration Policies for Users

Reviewer 3: The column of descriptions talks about archiving, lifecycle, restoration. It seems to have nothing to do with rich documents. Am I missing something?

----

== App Configuration

All app configurations are set and queried with the `config:app` command set. The examples below set a value. To query a value use `config:app:get` and the corresponding key without any options or attributes.

== Set the WOPI URL

> The number of days passed after upload (or restore) that files will be archived.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

> The following example command sets the time passed since upload (or restore) for archiving files to 90 days.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments wopi_url --value='[your-host-public-ip]:8098'
----

== Set the secure_view_option

> The number of days passed after archiving that files will be permanently deleted.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

> The following example command sets the time passed to delete files to 180 days.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_option --value='true'
----

== Set the watermark_text

> Define groups of users that are exempt from the lifecycle policies (comma-separated group ids).

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

> The following example command sets the groups which members will not be part of the lifecycle management.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments watermark_text --value="Restricted to {viewer-email}"
----

== Set the secure_view_open_action_default

> Set a policy who can restore files. Use the value `soft` for self-service and `hard` for admin/groupadmin-service.

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

> The following example command sets the restauration policy for users to `soft` (default).

Reviewer 3: What has this sentence got to do with rich documents?

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default --value='true'
----

== Delete a Key or Change a Key

You can delete a key with following example command:

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:delete richdocuments secure_view_open_action_default
----

You can change a key with following example command:

[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
{occ-command-example-prefix} config:app:set richdocuments secure_view_option --value='false'

> ----

Reviewer 5: Needs a whole refactor, not quite correct

Author: > not quite correct

ok, pls make suggestions.
(I have to take information from the PR merged from richdocuments and do my best from that what stands there)
